README.md, before:

# Travel Advisor

![Travel Advisor](https://i.ibb.co/qph2cZn/image.pngg)

## Introduction
Build and Deploy an advanced Travel Companion Application using Google Maps. With Geolocation, Google Maps API, Searching for places, Fetching restaurants, hotels and attractions based on location from specialized Rapid APIs, data filtering and much more, this Travel Advisor App is the best Maps Application that you can currently find on YouTube and on the entire internet.

In this video, you'll learn:

- Advanced React Best Practices such as folder & file structure, hooks and refs
- Creating a User Interface using Material UI
- Working with Google Maps API
- And most importantly fetching data from unlimited sources using RapidAPI
- Essentially, you'll become the master of working with APIs

[RapidAPI](https://rapidapi.com/hub?utm_source=youtube.com/JavaScriptMastery&utm_medium=DevRel&utm_campaign=DevRel)
[Travel Advisor API](https://rapidapi.com/apidojo/api/travel-advisor?utm_source=youtube.com/JavaScriptMastery&utm_medium=DevRel&utm_campaign=DevRel)
[Open Weather Map API](https://rapidapi.com/community/api/open-weather-map?utm_source=youtube.com/JavaScriptMastery&utm_medium=DevRel&utm_campaign=DevRel)

## Stay up to date with new projects
New major projects coming soon, subscribe to the mailing list to stay up to date https://javascriptmastery.eo.page/mailing-list.

Setup: run ```npm i && npm start``` to start the development server

Commit message:

add - added feature on top of the tutorial

README.md, after:

# Travel Advisor

![Travel Advisor](https://i.ibb.co/qph2cZn/image.pngg)

## Added code on top of the tutorial
1. Replace the package.json to more updated version
2. Fix img elements must have an alt prop
3. Remove weather since it is not in rapid api now
4. Add AbortController to prevent calling Travel Advisor API due to resize and move to new location
5. Fix the null place and null data issue

## How to develope
```
npx create-react-app ./
npm install --legacy-peer-deps @material-ui/core @material-ui/icons @material-ui/lab @react-google-maps/api axios google-map-react
```

## How to run
```
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
rm .eslint.js
npm start

replace the key in .env and index.html
```

## Introduction
Build and Deploy an advanced Travel Companion Application using Google Maps. With Geolocation, Google Maps API, Searching for places, Fetching restaurants, hotels and attractions based on location from specialized Rapid APIs, data filtering and much more, this Travel Advisor App is the best Maps Application that you can currently find on YouTube and on the entire internet.

In this video, you'll learn:

- Advanced React Best Practices such as folder & file structure, hooks and refs
- Creating a User Interface using Material UI
- Working with Google Maps API
- And most importantly fetching data from unlimited sources using RapidAPI
- Essentially, you'll become the master of working with APIs

[RapidAPI](https://rapidapi.com/hub?utm_source=youtube.com/JavaScriptMastery&utm_medium=DevRel&utm_campaign=DevRel)
[Travel Advisor API](https://rapidapi.com/apidojo/api/travel-advisor?utm_source=youtube.com/JavaScriptMastery&utm_medium=DevRel&utm_campaign=DevRel)
[Open Weather Map API](https://rapidapi.com/community/api/open-weather-map?utm_source=youtube.com/JavaScriptMastery&utm_medium=DevRel&utm_campaign=DevRel)

## Stay up to date with new projects
New major projects coming soon, subscribe to the mailing list to stay up to date https://javascriptmastery.eo.page/mailing-list.

Setup: run ```npm i && npm start``` to start the development server
